Document new features for ServerManager 2.0 (#653)
intersystems-community/vscode-objectscript: docs/ServerSide.md

- The `name` property provides a name for this server-side folder.
- The `uri` property indicates the location of resources on the server. The supplied value has three components:
   - The first component can be either `isfs` or `isfs-readonly`. These values specify that this folder is on an InterSystems IRIS server. `isfs-readonly` specifies read-only access.
   - The value following `/` specifies the name of the server.
   - The value following `:` specifies the namespace (lowercase).

> The string `isfs` which appears in the **uri** for folders configured for server-side editing is an abbreviation created by InterSystems which stands for **InterSystems File Service**. It implements the VS Code [FileSystemProvider API](https://code.visualstudio.com/api/references/vscode-api#FileSystemProvider), which let's you make any remote location look like a local one. It was designed for common things like FTP servers, but it works well for making artefacts in an InterSystems IRIS database namespace look like local files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The string `isfs` which appears in the **uri** for folders configured for server-side editing is an abbreviation created by InterSystems which stands for **InterSystems File Service**. It implements the VS Code [FileSystemProvider API](https://code.visualstudio.com/api/references/vscode-api#FileSystemProvider), which lets you make any remote location look like a local one. It works well for making artifacts in an InterSystems IRIS namespace look like local files.
```
